# Meeting notes 26-may-2020

## Project structure updates:
- ITS dataset is not likely to be available this summer
- Solution: Use multiple alternate sources of data
  - What forums come up when you do a Google search for particular tech problems? Scrape these forums.
  - Analyze the StackOverflow dataset (on Kaggle and/or locally)
  - Extract error messages from tools and devices?
  - Card sort and Card sort 2.0 datasets
  - Interview transcripts
  - ... others?
- Will need to learn
  - web scraping
  - NLP libraries?
  - SQL (when using StackOverflow dataset on Kaggle)

## Thoughts from nutrition label paper:
- Scarcity as a measurable concept. Can we carry this over into our work? How do we represent? 
  - [ ] Look for themes of scarcity as we analyze the data from forums and such.
- Themes (bandwidth, jitter, loss) as nutrition labels, or as fields on nutrition labels.
- General idea: how do we present complex info in a more familiar way?
  - Nutrition label fails in that it's a bunch of numbers with little to no interpretation.
  - RDAs provide some "interpretation" for the numbers, but this might not map to individual experience.
  - Fails to be as accessible as authors state.
- Improvements?
  - More context for numbers
  - Something similar to the bandwidth display from "Who's Hogging the Bandwidth?"
  - Dynamic/real time
  - Application- or context-specific information; profiles

## Thoughts on the phone support paper:
- The technician "needs" the caller, too. They depend on the caller to provide information in a context that the technician can understand. They depend on the caller to understand the way they present technical information and to provide feedback when that is not the case.
- The success rates (where problem was resolved) are very low. Is this typical?
  - What would be an appropriate success rate? Or success metric?
- Scripted conversations are the norm. 
  - Are they helpful or hurtful? 
  - Scripts or conversations? 
  - Role of personalization
  
## To do for next week:
- [ ] Mock up a home network management dashboard. Use whatever medium you'd like.
- [ ] Take note of what research questions arise as you put this together. What data does this assume we have? What other assumptions does this dashboard make? What previous research questions would need to be answered before we can make this dashboard a reality.
- [ ] Amy: Refine project focus down to a more manageable level :)
